{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26820\viewh15060\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 RBG (Red Blue Game)\
\

\i\b0 Objective:-\

\i0 To have 42 or more cells.\
\

\i How to Play:-\

\i0 RBG is a turn-based game. You can play one on one only. Each player\'92s name can be set, but the player\'92s general name is Red and Blue. \
\
RBG has cells. They are part of a bigger body called a group. There are two types of groups:-\
1. Normal Group:- There are four of these, in four diagonal directions. These are a square shaped 3x3 group. The centre cell is the core cell, and the others are normal cells.\
2. Central Group:- There is only one of these. This is a rectangle shaped 3x4 group, width bigger. The two central cells in the group are core cells, and the others are normal cells.\
\
RBG\'92s cells are of four different types:-\
1. Normal Cells:- Each one of these have the unit capacity of five.\
2. Core Cells:- Each of these have the unit capacity of twenty-five. Ok, so what\'92s the big deal? The big deal is that these act as a storage space, so you can keep a reserve of your units. Since these need at least one cell of it group occupied to be attacked, you have one chance to defend your group.\
3. Central Normal Cells:- Each of these have the unit capacity of twenty.\
4. Central Core Cells:- Each of these have the unit capacity of one quintillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000 (1 followed by 18 zeroes)).\
\
Units are the heart of the game. Or rather the hearts. A unit is used to conquer and defend. You can attack and win if you have more units than another cell, and it doesn\'92t take much time for you to get more units. In fact, you get all the units that you have divided by two. If the total number of units you have is an odd number, one is subtracted from it and is then divided by two. But since both the players get many units, the game becomes quite hard soon. If a player has more than forty-two cells, he wins.\
\

\i Attacking:-\

\i0 You can attack from the top-left group to the central, top-right and the bottom-left, but you can\'92t attack the bottom-right group. So is the matter with the other three normal groups. But from the central group, you can attack any other group. To attack, you need to have at least two more units in your cell than the cell which you\'92re attacking. One for advantage over the other cell and one for the attacking cell to have as simple defences.\
For example:\
Cell A is a Blue cell and has 4 units.\
Cell B is a Red cell and has 1 unit.\
Cell A attacks Cell B.\
Since Cell A needs a defence, it leaves a unit and attacks Cell B with three units.\
As Cell A has 2 more units than Cell B, Cell B becomes Blue\'92s, with 2 units present.\
\
So, good luck with your game!}